#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with Python 3.10
# by the following command:
#
#    pip-compile app/requirements.in
#
aiohappyeyeballs==2.6.1
    # via aiohttp
aiohttp==3.12.15
    # via langchain-community
aiosignal==1.4.0
    # via aiohttp
annotated-types==0.7.0
    # via pydantic
anyio==4.9.0
    # via httpx
asgiref==3.8.1
    # via
    #   django
    #   django-allauth
    #   django-cors-headers
async-timeout==4.0.3
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   langchain
attrs==25.3.0
    # via aiohttp
certifi==2025.6.15
    # via
    #   httpcore
    #   httpx
    #   requests
cffi==1.17.1
    # via cryptography
charset-normalizer==3.4.2
    # via requests
crispy-daisyui==0.7.0
    # via -r app/requirements.in
cryptography==45.0.4
    # via pyjwt
dataclasses-json==0.6.7
    # via langchain-community
django==5.2.1
    # via
    #   -r app/requirements.in
    #   crispy-daisyui
    #   django-allauth
    #   django-cors-headers
    #   django-cotton
    #   django-crispy-forms
    #   django-debug-toolbar
    #   django-formtools
    #   django-reversion
    #   django-vite
    #   djangorestframework
django-allauth[socialaccount]==65.9.0
    # via -r app/requirements.in
django-cors-headers==4.7.0
    # via -r app/requirements.in
django-cotton==2.1.2
    # via -r app/requirements.in
django-crispy-forms==2.4
    # via
    #   -r app/requirements.in
    #   crispy-daisyui
django-debug-toolbar==5.2.0
    # via -r app/requirements.in
django-formtools==2.5.1
    # via -r app/requirements.in
django-ratelimit==4.1.0
    # via -r app/requirements.in
django-reversion==5.1.0
    # via -r app/requirements.in
django-vite==3.1.0
    # via -r app/requirements.in
djangorestframework==3.16.1
    # via -r app/requirements.in
exceptiongroup==1.3.0
    # via anyio
frozenlist==1.7.0
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   aiosignal
gpt4all==2.8.2
    # via -r app/requirements.in
greenlet==3.2.4
    # via sqlalchemy
gunicorn==23.0.0
    # via -r app/requirements.in
h11==0.16.0
    # via httpcore
httpcore==1.0.9
    # via httpx
httpx==0.28.1
    # via
    #   langsmith
    #   listmonk
    #   ollama
httpx-sse==0.4.1
    # via langchain-community
idna==3.10
    # via
    #   anyio
    #   httpx
    #   requests
    #   yarl
jsonpatch==1.33
    # via langchain-core
jsonpointer==3.0.0
    # via jsonpatch
langchain==0.3.27
    # via
    #   -r app/requirements.in
    #   langchain-community
langchain-community==0.3.27
    # via -r app/requirements.in
langchain-core==0.3.74
    # via
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-community
    #   langchain-ollama
    #   langchain-text-splitters
langchain-ollama==0.3.6
    # via -r app/requirements.in
langchain-text-splitters==0.3.9
    # via langchain
langchainhub==0.1.18
    # via -r app/requirements.in
langsmith==0.4.14
    # via
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-community
    #   langchain-core
listmonk==0.3.7
    # via -r app/requirements.in
markdown==3.8.2
    # via -r app/requirements.in
marshmallow==3.26.1
    # via dataclasses-json
multidict==6.6.4
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   yarl
mypy-extensions==1.1.0
    # via typing-inspect
numpy==2.2.6
    # via langchain-community
oauthlib==3.3.1
    # via requests-oauthlib
ollama==0.5.3
    # via langchain-ollama
orjson==3.11.2
    # via langsmith
packaging==25.0
    # via
    #   gunicorn
    #   langchain-core
    #   langsmith
    #   marshmallow
pillow==11.3.0
    # via -r app/requirements.in
propcache==0.3.2
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   yarl
psycopg2-binary==2.9.10
    # via -r app/requirements.in
pycparser==2.22
    # via cffi
pydantic==2.11.7
    # via
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-core
    #   langsmith
    #   listmonk
    #   ollama
    #   pydantic-settings
pydantic-core==2.33.2
    # via pydantic
pydantic-settings==2.10.1
    # via langchain-community
pyjwt[crypto]==2.10.1
    # via django-allauth
python-dotenv==1.1.1
    # via
    #   -r app/requirements.in
    #   pydantic-settings
python-frontmatter==1.1.0
    # via -r app/requirements.in
pyyaml==6.0.2
    # via
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-community
    #   langchain-core
    #   python-frontmatter
requests==2.32.4
    # via
    #   django-allauth
    #   gpt4all
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-community
    #   langchainhub
    #   langsmith
    #   requests-oauthlib
    #   requests-toolbelt
requests-oauthlib==2.0.0
    # via django-allauth
requests-toolbelt==1.0.0
    # via langsmith
sniffio==1.3.1
    # via anyio
sqlalchemy==2.0.43
    # via
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-community
sqlparse==0.5.3
    # via
    #   django
    #   django-debug-toolbar
strenum==0.4.15
    # via listmonk
tenacity==9.1.2
    # via
    #   langchain-community
    #   langchain-core
tqdm==4.67.1
    # via gpt4all
types-requests==2.32.4.20250809
    # via langchainhub
typing-extensions==4.14.0
    # via
    #   aiosignal
    #   anyio
    #   asgiref
    #   exceptiongroup
    #   gpt4all
    #   langchain-core
    #   multidict
    #   pydantic
    #   pydantic-core
    #   sqlalchemy
    #   typing-inspect
    #   typing-inspection
typing-inspect==0.9.0
    # via dataclasses-json
typing-inspection==0.4.1
    # via
    #   pydantic
    #   pydantic-settings
urllib3==2.5.0
    # via
    #   requests
    #   types-requests
whitenoise==6.9.0
    # via -r app/requirements.in
yarl==1.20.1
    # via aiohttp
zstandard==0.23.0
    # via langsmith
